today is the second anniversary of the
mass shooting in Tucson Arizona that
left six people dead and 13 others
wounded including then Representative
Gabrielle Giffords as part of the
commemoration bells will be ringing in
Tucson at 10:10 a.m. so in a few minutes
local time mayor Jonathan Rothschild is
encouraging people in the city to also
ring bells at the same time and take
some time to reflect so even if you're
sitting at home about an hour from now
in Tucson you should ring a bell don't
have what do I do you ring a bell and
reflect you know have your own little
fare why do I have to ring a bell
reflect I don't know it may make it more
official well every time I reflect that
only what I see I'm not doing it and
Gabrielle Giffords and her husband are
out and about xed astronaut Mark Kelly
they are taking a stand against gun
violence and they're launching an
anti-gun website called Americans for
Responsible solutions 1:12
poor Gabby
went after the guy who shot her did he
die no he didn't die that day that's why
I'm so happy that they just killed Osama
bin Laden died somewhat somebody I know
said to me that they do summer bin Laden
government was wrong they should have
given him a trial I go you fucking nuts
you just fucking kill the guy what truck
you see these trucks these guys all get
they they all complete insanity they sit
around this happened two years ago we
still haven't yeah I mean Gabby Giffords
lost her fucking life almost and and
many people did that day all right let
me hear this you have a gun Gabby our
vote gun owners we are strong supporters
of the Second Amendment but we've got to
do something to keep the guns from
getting into the wrong hands absolutely
and these guys are all afraid of voters
stricter controls in terms of
registration in terms of checking I mean
is crazy
Mark Kelly says that he and Giffords
recently met with some of the victims
families in the Connecticut school
shooting 113th her
we spoke to dad took out a cell phone
and showed us a picture of his his
daughter and I just looked out we lost
it so it is it's tough being a victim
it's tough talking to the families of
victims of crimes like this but I still
say that you know I'm sort of like that
guy who was on Piers Morgan last night
people kill people in other ways and
when you want to kill people you're
gonna kill people yeah but it's very
these these automatic weapons make it
easy to kill multiple people quickly and
that's the problem and so are you going
to just yes get rid of these kinds of
weapons nicer yeah them doesn't make
them disappear and doesn't keep them out
of people's hands
well piers made a good point about
England you see the gun violence there
is way down in certain European they die
but not from gun violence as much you
know meanwhile you get the thing is you
want to give everybody an atom bomb so
they can blow up all city I mean no I
mean you know give him a pistol that
you're sorry you want to shoot a couple
of people maybe I got a chance to tackle
you motherfuckers but I still say you
know the the crazy person is still out
there absolutely we know that and I've
talked about that that the the average
Joe who doesn't have the money to help
their mentally ill children they need a
place I told you make marijuana legal or
somehow raise the money and make a
mental health an issue you got all these
parents running around they know that
kids are gonna shoot someone they don't
know what to do with them you know you
can't kill them then you go to jail you
know I we used to get angry at those
people now they just sort of get a pass
because we know nothing speaking John
Robin I can't find a bail I want to
reflect but I
thank you well they didn't say bringing
fifty billion times be doing that about
three hours from now because it's an
Arizona situation and so there are three
hours ahead of us behind us Connecticut
state representative Debra Lee Hovey is
apologizing for comments she made about
last week's visit to Newtown by former
Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords Hovey
says her comments on Facebook that
Giffords should stay out of her town was
insensitive and she apologizes to anyone
who was offended Hovey says her comments
were meant to be protective of the
privacy of the families and the
community as the event had the potential
to be exploited by others for political
purposes Hobie is a Republican and was
not invited to the Giffords event which
was attended by Senator Richard
Blumenthal and other Democrats
she's now apologizing sometimes I think
when you do something really stupid
you should just resign you don't have to